---
marp: true
theme: peermesh
paginate: true
size: 16:9
---

<h1 class="peermesh-gradient">PeerMesh.org Team Standup</h1>

### **Knowledge Graph Lab**

**Date**: October 6, 2025

**Time**: 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM MT

**Purpose**: Weekly team synchronization

---

## Agenda

1. Review Minutes from Sept 29
2. [Schedule](../../schedule.md)
3. [Project Phases](../../project-phases.md)
4. PRD Process & Deliverables
5. Individual Updates
   - AI Development Module (Haesoe J.)
   - Backend Architecture Module (Ivan G.)
   - Frontend Design Module (Dante S.)
   - Publishing Tools Module (Ben S.)
6. Integration Discussion
7. Upcoming In-Person Meeting
8. Update Timesheet
9. Next Meeting

---

## Review Minutes from Sept 29

[Review meeting minutes from September 29, 2025](../2025-09-29/2025-09-29-minutes.md)

**Key Points:**
- New meeting schedule established (see [schedule.md](../../schedule.md))
- PRD progress check-ins
- Questions and support needed for PRD development
- Action items from last meeting

---

## Schedule

See [schedule.md](../../schedule.md) for the complete meeting schedule.

**Current Pattern:**
- **Sunday In-Person**: Every other Sunday, 4-6 PM MT at Loft at the Riverside
- **Monday Virtual**: Alternate weeks, 4-5 PM MT via Zoom

**Upcoming Meetings:**
- **Oct 12**: Sunday in-person (PRD presentations)
- **Oct 20**: Monday virtual standup
- **Oct 26**: Sunday in-person

---

## Project Phases

**Current Status** (October 6, 2025):

| Phase | Name | Status | Key Deliverable | Presentation |
|-------|------|--------|-----------------|--------------|
| **1** | Research | ‚úÖ **Completed** | Research briefs with technology recommendations | ‚úÖ Sept 22, 2025 |
| **2** | Planning | üîÑ **In Progress** | PRD presentations with technical specifications | üìÖ Oct 12, 2025 |
| **3** | MVP | ‚è≥ **Future** | Working standalone module in Docker | üìÖ TBD |
| **4** | Enhancement | ‚è≥ **Future** | Enhanced module with polished UX | üìÖ TBD |
| **5** | Integration | ‚è≥ **Future** | Production-ready integrated system | üìÖ TBD |

**See [project-phases.md](../../project-phases.md) for complete details**

**Next Milestone**: PRD presentations on October 12

---

## PRD Process & Deliverables

**What You're Creating**: A **Functional & Technical Specification** for your module

**Required Coverage:**
* **Complete module functionality** - everything your module does
* **Logic flow** - how data and processes flow through the system
* **Database details** - schema, relationships, data structures
* **Required components** - all services, APIs, and integrations needed

**The Process:**
1. **Create your spec** ‚Üí Deliverable due Oct 12
2. **Feed into Spec Kit** ‚Üí Automated cleanup and refinement
3. **Spec Kit prepares for development** ‚Üí Initiates rough build process

**Goal**: Development-ready specification that can drive implementation

---

# Individual Updates

---

## ü§ñ AI Development Module

**What this module does**: Transforms unstructured text into structured knowledge through entity extraction, relationship mapping, and insight generation.

**Update (3-5 min):**
- Completed since last standup
- Currently working on
- What's next
- Blockers or needs

---

## üõ†Ô∏è Backend Architecture Module

**What this module does**: Foundational systems including databases, APIs, and deployment infrastructure that support all other modules.

**Update (3-5 min):**
- Completed since last standup
- Currently working on
- What's next
- Blockers or needs

---

## üé® Frontend Design Module

**What this module does**: User interface including UI components, knowledge graph visualizations, and user experiences.

**Update (3-5 min):**
- Completed since last standup
- Currently working on
- What's next
- Blockers or needs

---

## üì¢ Publishing Tools Module

**What this module does**: Delivers insights through multiple channels including email newsletters, Slack/Discord, webhooks, and personalization.

**Update (3-5 min):**
- Completed since last standup
- Currently working on
- What's next
- Blockers or needs

---

## Integration Discussion

Discussion on cross-module coordination and dependencies

---

## Upcoming In-Person Meeting

**Our first in-person meeting!**

* **When**: Sunday, October 12, 2025
* **Time**: 4:00 PM - 6:00 PM MT
* **Location**: Loft at the Riverside
* **Bring laptops** for working session

**What to Expect:**
1. **PRD Presentations** - Each team member presents their module's functional & technical specification (10-15 min each)
2. **Cursor Demo** - Using Spec Kit to transform your PRD into a working product
3. **Working Session** - Hands-on time for questions and collaboration

**Come prepared** with your PRD deliverable ready to present!

---

## Update Timesheet

**Update your hours regularly:**
* [Ivan G.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=848086563#gid=848086563)
* [Haesoe J.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=277625775#gid=277625775)
* [Ben S.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=1173229902#gid=1173229902)
* [Dante S.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=957982043#gid=957982043)

---

## Next Meeting

**Sunday, October 12, 2025**

**4:00 PM - 6:00 PM MT at Loft at the Riverside**

*Agenda: First in-person standup - PRD presentations*

---

**Questions**

Take initiative, keep moving forward, and learn by exploring.

Surface blockers early so we can help you move forward quickly.

<br>

**<small>You're building PeerMesh.org from the ground up. Legends in the making.</small>**