---
marp: true

theme: peermesh

paginate: true

size: 16:9
---

<h1 class="peermesh-gradient">PeerMesh.org Team Standup</h1>

### **Knowledge Graph Lab**

**Date**: October 20, 2025

**Time**: 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM MT

**Purpose**: Virtual team standup

---

## Agenda

1. Project Phases
2. Team Cursor Experience & SpecKit Progress
3. SpecKit Demo Commands
4. Shared Module Standalone Spec
5. Next Meeting Deliverables
6. Next Meeting Agenda
7. Update Timesheet
8. Questions

---


## Project Phases

**Current Status** (October 20, 2025):

| Phase | Name | Status | Key Deliverable | Presentation |
|-------|------|--------|-----------------|--------------|
| **1** | Research | ‚úÖ **Completed** | Research briefs with technology recommendations | ‚úÖ Sept 22, 2025 |
| **2** | Planning | üîÑ **In Progress** | PRD presentations with technical specifications | ‚úÖ Oct 12, 2025 |
| **3** | MVP | üîÑ **In Progress** | Working standalone module in Docker | üìÖ Oct 20, 2025 |
| **4** | Enhancement | ‚è≥ **Future** | Enhanced module with polished UX | üìÖ TBD |
| **5** | Integration | ‚è≥ **Future** | Production-ready integrated system | üìÖ TBD |

**See [project-phases.md](../../project-phases.md) for complete details**

**Next Milestone**: Progress check and preparation for Oct 26 working session

---




## Team Cursor Experience & SpecKit Progress

**Discussion Focus:** Team experiences using Cursor and creating specs for their modules

**Team Responsibility:** It's your job to detect problems with specs and call them out - bring issues to Grig's attention immediately

### Individual Module Progress Reports

Experience with Cursor, spec creation progress, challenges encountered

- **Cursor Workflow:** Git operations, file review, spec drafting
- **SpecKit Integration:** Installing and using Spec Kit for feature specifications
- **Challenges:** Technical hurdles, learning curve, integration issues
- **Successes:** What worked well, time savings, quality improvements
- **Next Steps:** How to proceed with implementation planning

---

## SpecKit Demo Commands

**Ready for Testing:**

**AI Module SpecKit Demo:**
```bash
/specify "docs/team/deliverables/requirements-kit-v2/ai-module-spec.md" --format=implementation --output=.dev/ai/speckit-output/ai-module --validate-constitution --enable-tdd --parallel-safe
```

**Backend Module SpecKit Demo:**
```bash
/specify "docs/team/deliverables/requirements-kit-v2/backend-module-spec.md" --format=implementation --output=.dev/ai/speckit-output/backend-module --validate-constitution --enable-tdd --parallel-safe
```

**Frontend Module SpecKit Demo:**
```bash
/specify "docs/team/deliverables/requirements-kit-v2/frontend-module-spec.md" --format=implementation --output=.dev/ai/speckit-output/frontend-module --validate-constitution --enable-tdd --parallel-safe
```

**Publishing Module SpecKit Demo:**
```bash
/specify "docs/team/deliverables/requirements-kit-v2/publishing-module-spec.md" --format=implementation --output=.dev/ai/speckit-output/publishing-module --validate-constitution --enable-tdd --parallel-safe
```

---

## Shared Module Standalone Spec

**New Concept:** Standalone specification for shared module components

**Purpose:** Create a dedicated specification for shared functionality across all modules

**Location:** `docs/modules/shared/`

**Benefits:**
- Centralized shared component definitions
- Consistent interfaces across modules
- Reduced duplication in individual module specs
- Clear separation of shared vs module-specific functionality

---

## Next Meeting Deliverables

**Required Deliverables for Oct 26 Meeting:**

- **Run SpecKit on your module** - Execute the SpecKit commands on your module spec
- **Check for problems** - Detect issues and bring them to Grig's attention immediately (team responsibility)
- **Run shared module standalone spec** - Apply SpecKit to the shared module spec in `docs/modules/shared/`
- **Document findings** - Report on input vs output quality and any issues encountered

**Goal:** Have all modules processed through SpecKit and ready for review

---

## Next Meeting Agenda

**Sunday, October 26, 2025**

**4:00 PM - 6:00 PM MT**

**(In-person working session)**

**Agenda for Next Meeting:**
- Review everyone's modules from Docker builds on their machines
- Discuss shared module standalone spec development
- Plan next steps for implementation

---

## Update Timesheet

**Update your hours regularly:**

* [Ivan G.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=848086563#gid=848086563)
* [Haesoe J.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=277625775#gid=277625775)
* [Ben S.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=1173229902#gid=1173229902)
* [Dante S.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=957982043#gid=957982043)

---

## Questions

Take initiative, keep moving forward, and learn by exploring.

Surface blockers early so we can help you move forward quickly.

Thank you for being part of the founding team - you're building the foundation of PeerMesh.org and becoming legends in the making!
