# Meeting Minutes - September 29, 2025

**Date**: September 29, 2025  
**Time**: 4:00 PM - 6:00 PM MT  
**Type**: Weekly Team Standup  
**Location**: Virtual

---

## Attendees

- [Grig B.](https://github.com/grigb)
- [Ivan G.](https://github.com/gorodinskiia)
- Brian H.
- [Haesoe J.](https://github.com/haejeg)
- [Ben S.](https://github.com/bschreiber8)
- [Dante S.](https://github.com/D-JSimpson)
- Cameron E.

---

## Key Decisions

### New Meeting Schedule

The team reviewed everyone's availability and discussed various meeting time options. After considering everyone's schedules and preferences, we determined that the best time for in-person meetings would be every other Sunday from 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM MT, starting October 12, 2025.

**Logistics:**
- Cameron E. agreed to book the space at Loft at the Riverside in Boulder, Colorado for our in-person meetings
- Dante S. will join remotely via Zoom

Starting October 12, 2025, we are implementing a new meeting pattern:

**Sundays (In-Person)**
- Every other Sunday, 4:00 PM - 6:00 PM MT
- Location: Loft at the Riverside, Boulder, Colorado
- Remote option: Zoom (for Dante and others who need it)
- Dates: Oct 12, Oct 26, Nov 9, Nov 23, etc.

**Mondays (Virtual)**
- Alternate weeks from Sunday meetings, 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM MT
- Dates: Oct 6, Oct 20, Nov 3, Nov 17, etc.

**Note**: After October 12, we will no longer have weekly Monday meetings. The pattern will alternate between Sunday in-person and Monday virtual meetings.

---

## Individual Updates

### AI Development Module
- Progress on research and PRD development

### Backend Architecture Module
- Progress on research and PRD development

### Frontend Design Module
- Progress on research and PRD development

### Publishing Tools Module
- Progress on research and PRD development

---

## PRD Development Support

Team members discussed challenges and questions about their PRD assignments:

- [Discussion points about PRD work]
- [Questions raised about scope, integration, technical decisions]
- [Guidance provided on next steps]

---

## Action Items

- [ ] All team members: Continue PRD development
- [ ] All team members: Update hours in schedules regularly
- [ ] All team members: Prepare for Oct 6 standup check-in
- [ ] All team members: Prepare PRD presentations for Oct 12 in-person meeting

---

## Update Timesheet

**Update your hours regularly:**
* [Ivan G.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=848086563#gid=848086563)
* [Haesoe J.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=277625775#gid=277625775)
* [Ben S.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=1173229902#gid=1173229902)
* [Dante S.'s Timesheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s6e3VntRpbWWs_Ys4tXDcWQU0TOzcUe0eZcvl1oirhA/edit?gid=957982043#gid=957982043)

---

## Next Meeting

**Monday, October 6, 2025**  
**4:00 PM - 5:00 PM MT**  
(Virtual standup)
